After generating the ZoKrates portion of the app which will
auto-generate the verifier contract required to complete this project,
one of the only files that you'll have to alter is the square.code file.
This is a simple proof written in the ZoKrates language.
You aren't expected to study this or write in elaborate proof,
we pretty much already wrote a very simple and basic proof for you.
All you have to do is go through and plug in the variable names,
and the variable name for each field is
just the first word or in this case, the first character.
So this result, this is a,
this is a as well,
this is b, and this is result.
If you want to research further on making more complex proofs to verify different things.
Then you can go ahead to the ZoKrates site in the link
that's listed throughout the project walkthroughs,
and you can review different types of proofs that you can write,
but for this, we are using a very simple basic proof.